MOBSTARS
A creaking sound came from the left side of the bed. He opened his eyes and clapped his hands, the lights turned on and he looked into the vastness of the room from his bed where he slept; empty, silent, just as he had left it before retiring to bed. He clapped his hands again and the lights went off. Then he thought to himself:

I am Soy Damien; the most influential man in Continental city. I have all the hired protection I need to enhance my security system. No one can trod upon me like I were one of those lowly peasants on the streets. 

With this reassurance, he took a last look at his safe that sat by his bedside and went off to sleep. Suddenly, like he was seeing an illusion, his eyes were veiled by a darkness the clap of his hands couldn't take off. All he heard was his safe being dragged off across the floor. He struggled frantically to recover from his temporary blindness and when he did, he heard a hovercraft zoom off. On a note pasted on his window, he read the words, gritting his teeth as he did. "THE MERRYMEN" was inscribed boldly. There and then, he knew he had been visited by the dreadful mafia that terrorized the city; mainly the wealthy metropolitan areas of the city. 

Grinning with full satisfaction at the success of their carefully executed plans, the six-man gang, led by Dexter drove off to an unknown destination merely missing the commercial train as it raced on its rails that were linked throughout the city. The Dodge durango SUV was just the perfect getaway vehicle that moved at a speed even Dexter once imagined would actually dodge security cameras. Soon enough, they were out of that metropolitan part of the city and took the deserted road that led to Dark Cove; their hide out. 

There is a story behind every scar and so was the case with Dexter, Rio, Wolfan, Stone, Theo and Fierreman. Five were orphans, their parents died of different circumstances and each grew up in different slums in the Continental city, denied access to learning or a good life like others and they were grossly undermined and bullied by the rich kids. Survival was a hard thing to do and they merely held on to their worn-out shirts even as the freezing nights threatened to take them off. As they grew, they came together and decided to form a brotherhood. Along the line, Theo joined in, though he was a wealthy kid but he was dissatisfied in the operations of those in power. They found out how the funds that ought to have been used to develop their homes had been directed into the personal pockets of the Mayor of Continental city and his cohorts. This tore through their hearts like lead. 

Dexter grew with a confident beard and always had his black hat on, the boldest and of course, leader of the gang. 
Wolfman always had his sunglasses on, a man of few words.
Rio would never do without a stick of cigarette hanging from his lips. 
Fierreman was the youngest of them and always wore a smiling face with checkered shirts. He was literally the life of their raiding party. 
Stone was the brazen one with the gun and his name said all about his firmness. 
Theo was the brains of the operation and was the only one who was rich amidst them. 
Together they joined hands and robbed the wealthy corrupt officials, gifting the peasants and helping them off the streets. 
To these wealthy officials, they seem like villains and mobsters who were declared wanted but to the lowly peasants, they were heroes, Mobstars. 
Looking round at the complete gang of merrymen as they were usually termed, Dexter smiled at the success yet to come. 
